** Name
Female Delusion Calculator


** Description
A frontend with a simple formulary where the user (most likely a woman) adds input to provide data
 to do a research and find the possibilities to match the man of her dreams in the USA population,
 based on the data provided by USA census. The input should be a minimum and maximum age, a height,
 a race, and a range of expected salary (the sort of materialistic things women look for in a man),
 and then this data is passed to backend as a dictionary. Then the backend fetches all men population
 in the given range of age, filters that data using the height, race and salary range, calculates the
 percent of this result against the total population of men (in all the country) and returns that percent.
The frontend then will show a range of delusion based on how low is this percent. 

** Context
Full stack project with frontend using tailwind css,typescript and react, backend with python,
 FastAPI, pandas and any other library we consider necessary as we go.

Frontend:
A simple formulary with a sort of inputs to enter: range of integers (for range of age), race (select with options),
 float number (expected salary, this input will be used to get the salary range), and another
 float number (the minimum height). Such data is passed to backend.

Backend:
Receives the dictionary input from the frontend, and uses the range of age to fetch the total number
 of men in USA population (using the census). Retrieves the amount of men in that range, all this
 with the corresponding statistics (height, race, salary range).
Filters men in range of age using the inputs till finds the amount of men matching such data.
Calculates the percent of this number against the total population of USA, and returns the percent to the frontend 

Fetched data:
	age (from 18 to 65) The frontend will use a range input for that
	race (the ones we found) 
	height	The user will give a min height to filter this
	salary	Also will be filtered with user input

URLs, directions:
Age (18-65): The Census Data API and American Community Survey (ACS) provide age distribution information, and you can easily filter individuals aged between 18 and 65​
CENSUS.GOV
.
Race: The Census API includes comprehensive race categories​
CENSUS.GOV
.
Height and Weight: You can obtain this data through CDC NHANES datasets and NCD-RisC data downloads​
CDC
​
NCD-RISC
.
Salary (Income): This information is available in the Census Data API, specifically in the ACS dataset